---
title: "Deploy Storybook"
---

# Deploy Storybook
In this tutorial we ran Storybook on our development machine. You may also want to share that Storybook with the team, especially the non-technical members. Thankfully, it’s easy to deploy Storybook online.

**Did you setup Chromatic testing earlier?** You’re done! Your stories are already deployed. Chromatic securely indexes your stories online and tracks them across branches and commits. Skip this chapter and go to the conclusion.

## Exporting as a static app
To deploy Storybook we first need to export it as a static web app. This functionality is already built into Storybook, we just need to activate it by adding a script to `package.json`.

{
  "scripts": {
    "storybook": "build-storybook -c .storybook -o .storybook-static"
  }
}

Now when you run Storybook via `npm run storybook`, it will output a static Storybook in the storybook-static directory. 

## Continuous deploy
We want to share the latest version of components whenever we push code. To do this we need to continuous deploy Storybook. We’ll rely on Github and Netlify to deploy our static site. We’re using the Netlify free plan.

### Github
First you want to setup Git for your project by running `$ git init` in the local directory. 
Next use `$ git add .` to add files to the first commit.
Now commit the files via `$ git commit -m "taskbox UI"`
Go to Github and setup a repository [here](https://github.com/new). Name your repo “taskbox”.
[image of new setup]
In the new repo setup copy the origin URL of the repo and add it to your git project with this command:
```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/<your username>/taskbox.git
```
Finally push the repo to Github with `$ git push -u origin master`

### Netlify
The neat thing about Netlify is that it has a continuous deployment service built in. This means we won’t have to setup a CI this tutorial. If you use CI at your company, add a deploy script to your config that uploads `storybook-static` to a static hosting service like S3. 

Create an account on Netlify and click to “add a new project”.
[image]
Next click the Github button to connect Netlify to Github. This allows it to access our remote Taskbox repo.
[image]
Now select the taskbox Github repo from the list of options.
[image]
Configure Netlify by highlighting which build command to run in its CI and which directory the static site is outputted in. For branch choose `master`. Dir type `storybook-static`. Build type `yarn build-storybook`.
[image]
Click “build your site” to build and deploy the code on the master branch of taskbox.
[image]
Finally, navigate to Taskbox’ Storybook online. 
[image]

We finished setting up continuous deployment of Storybook! Now we can share our stories with colleagues via a link. This is helpful for visual review as part of the standard app development process or simply to show off work 💅.
